README.md, before:

# SourceConsole
Bonsai

Overview
Bonsai is a set of tools that define a Software development life cycle.
By providing a base framework for software development, Bonsai manages the nitty gritty plumbing and general integration that take up at least 30% of software development time.
By supplying a standardised implementation of the Model View Controller -MVC pattern, Bonsai encourages adherence to the SOLID principles with Test Driven Development as a Focus. 

Requirements
Bonsai's main deployment vector is through the SourceConsole.
You may however decide to write a custom frontend for your templates by adding a reference to the TemplaterBonsai and then executing the appropriate repository RunSteps() functions.

1. Download [.NET Core](https://www.microsoft.com/net/download)
2. You will also need [VisualStudio 2017 Community Edition](https://www.visualstudio.com/downloads/)
3. Follow this [handy installation guid](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/xamarin/cross-platform/get-started/installation/windows) to configure the installation for Xamarin. Use this one for [Mac](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/visualstudio/mac/installation).
4. Download the [SourceConsole](https://github.com/BiancaMinnaar/SourceConsole) project.
5. Be mindfull where you place the SourceConsole, It will create a new Solution structure around itself to house your new [Xamarin forms](https://www.visualstudio.com/xamarin/) Project.
6. Follow the first four lessons and learn how to use Bonsai
- https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/bonsai-lesson-1-bianca-minnaar/
- https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/bonsai-lesson-2-bianca-minnaar/
- https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/bonsai-lesson-3-bianca-minnaar/
- https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/bonsai-lesson-4-bianca-minnaar/

Contact me at bminnaar@gmail.com for further information.
Mail me to obtain a licence file

Commit message:

Initialise Seven day trail for Bonsai Showcase

README.md, after:

# SourceConsole
Bonsai

Overview
Bonsai is a set of tools that define a Software development life cycle.
By providing a base framework for software development, Bonsai manages the nitty gritty plumbing and general integration that take up at least 30% of software development time.
By supplying a standardised implementation of the Model View Controller -MVC pattern, Bonsai encourages adherence to the SOLID principles with Test Driven Development as a Focus. 

Requirements
Bonsai's main deployment vector is through the SourceConsole.
You may however decide to write a custom frontend for your templates by adding a reference to the TemplaterBonsai and then executing the appropriate repository RunSteps() functions.

1. Download [.NET Core](https://www.microsoft.com/net/download)
2. You will also need [VisualStudio 2017 Community Edition](https://www.visualstudio.com/downloads/)
3. Follow this [handy installation guid](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/xamarin/cross-platform/get-started/installation/windows) to configure the installation for Xamarin. Use this one for [Mac](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/visualstudio/mac/installation).
4. Download the [SourceConsole](https://github.com/BiancaMinnaar/SourceConsole) project.
5. Build the SourceConsole to an output directory and execute the runtime with "dotnet SourceConsole.dll"
6. Once bonsai starts up it will create the BonsaiShowcase directory just outsite the directory you executed it from.
Use the command behind 1 to initialise the Framework and dismiss the prompts with Enter.
Then use the command behind 15 to to load the license into the source. The license details resides in the SourceConsole's app.config.
I have loaded a 7 day licence for the Showcase ending 8th August 2020, email me to request a new license for your app.

Contact me at bminnaar@gmail.com for further information.
Mail me to obtain a licence file
